my name is mechana Thomas and I'm going
to show you how to make a lego dinosaur
first you need a square and till mound
and two amp pieces a row and then eat
what schmood is some of these to them
and if you want you to do some of these
and that you really need to mom's for
himself you probably want to use want to
eat and another thing you probably want
is that it holds the whole thing
together if you don't have a pen you
can't really make it and so you hook the
white piece it's a flat piece and he'll
just took it on right there and
sometimes it can fail so you should hook
it on very tight and then we need a
piece like this the whole minute and and
that's where the two feet come in
and then the head I just you put the cue
eyes on it no matter and well you can
just you have to put them side to side
and enhance overall up crazy up and as a
dime summer and use a dinosaur with the
seat that one of the second choice these
ones you'll probably want to choose
because he's convince her you make a
good answer